They are always curious, eager and hungry for more knowledge and skills – presenting our Super Learners who have not only mastered the art and science of effective learning but have also applied it in practice.
 
I have successfully completed a comprehensive suite of trainings that span a wide spectrum of competencies. These include trainings on behavioral/management skills, technical courses on SAP HANA/ABAP, and cutting-edge domains such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML) and Robotic Process Automation (RPA).
 
In addition, I have familiarized myself with Cognizant’s tools and processes in areas such as account/project/change management, presentation skills, problem-solving, decision-making, growth mindset, negotiation, influencing, persuasion, and assertive communication.
 
 
 
 
To stay relevant and competitive, it’s crucial to keep abreast of the latest developments. Beyond career advancement, learning is a journey of personal growth. It enhances confidence and instils a sense of fulfilment. As Benjamin Franklin said, “An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.” And I couldn’t agree more.
 
 
On the technical front, I’m interested in delving deeper into the realm of Data Science and Analytics. In terms of soft skills, I would like to further develop my emotional intelligence to help me manage work relationships, understand team dynamics, and lead with empathy. Additionally, I’m keen on exploring strategic thinking skills. 
 
I have enrolled for 30+ trainings in the coming months. My continuous learning journey involves a balanced focus on technical and soft skills, as I believe that this combination is vital for holistic professional development and success.
 
 
The learning platforms, C-learn and My Learning Studio, have been instrumental in my journey, providing a wealth of knowledge and insights. I would strongly encourage everyone to take full advantage of these resources, invest in your learning, and shape your career path at Cognizant. Also, don’t hesitate to share your learning experiences and insights with your peers. After all, learning is more effective and enjoyable when it’s a shared experience. Happy learning!
 
This is a regular series highlighting our associates who have shown a strong appetite for learning and upskilling. If you wish to be featured, please write to us.
